<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>Orcheo - Page 7</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <nav class="nav"><a href="page-006.xhtml">Previous</a><a href="page-008.xhtml">Next</a></nav>
    <main class="page">
      <div class="running"><span>Orcheo: A Modular Full-Stack Platform for Conversational Search</span><span>SIGIR '26, July 20-24, 2026, Melbourne, VIC, Australia</span></div>
      <div class="columns">
        <p class="noindent">make integration decisions that monolithic systems handle implicitly. As an open-source project, Orcheo welcomes contributions to expand the ecosystem with new nodes, integrations, and best practice patterns. Finally, while Orcheo's vibe-coding support flattens the learning curve, extending and improving the framework still requires Python proficiency. We view these as necessary costs for the transparency and extensibility required by researchers.</p>
        <p>We plan to extend Orcheo with: (i) Deeper integrations with conversational search evaluation benchmarks and shared task infrastructure, including direct TIREx submission support. (ii) A community node and workflow registry for discovering and sharing contributions. (iii) Formal node versioning with compatibility checking. (iv) Enhanced human-in-the-loop evaluation support with annotation tools and benchmark visualization in Canvas.</p>
        <p>We invite the conversational search community to adopt, extend, and contribute to Orcheo as shared infrastructure for accelerating research progress.</p>
        <h2>Availability</h2>
        <p class="noindent">Orcheo is released as open source at <span class="url">https://github.com/AI-Colleagues/orcheo</span> under the MIT License. The repository includes the core framework, backend services, SDK/CLI, deployment guides, and a conversational search demo suite with runnable workflows and evaluation assets (gold queries and relevance labels).</p>
        <h2>Acknowledgments</h2>
        <p class="noindent">This work has been funded by the Vienna Science and Technology Fund (WWTF) under the Grant ID 10.47379/VRG24013, by the Dutch Research Council (NWO), under project numbers 024.004.022, NWA.1389.20.183, and KICH3.LTP.20.006, and the European Union under grant agreement No. 101201510 (UNITE). Views and opinions expressed are those of the author(s) only and do not necessarily reflect those of their respective employers, funders and/or granting authorities.</p>
        <h2>References</h2>
        <section class="refs">
          <p>[1] Marco Alessio, Guglielmo Faggioli, and Nicola Ferro. 2023. DECAF: A Modular and Extensible Conversational Search Framework. In <em>Proceedings of the 46th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval</em>. ACM, 3075-3085. <span class="url">doi:10.1145/3539618.3591913</span></p>
          <p>[2] Avishek Anand, Lawrence Cavedon, Hideo Joho, Mark Sanderson, and Benno Stein. 2020. Conversational Search (Dagstuhl Seminar 19461). <em>Dagstuhl Reports</em> 9, 11 (2020), 34-83. <span class="url">doi:10.4230/DagRep.9.11.34</span></p>
          <p>[3] Raviteja Anantha, Svitlana Vakulenko, Zhucheng Tu, Shayne Longpre, Stephen Pulman, and Srinivas Chappidi. 2021. Open-Domain Question Answering Goes Conversational via Question Rewriting. In <em>Proceedings of the 2021 Conference of the North American Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics: Human Language Technologies</em>. Association for Computational Linguistics, 520-534. <span class="url">doi:10.18653/v1/2021.naacl-main.44</span></p>
          <p>[4] Elias Bassani. 2023. ranxhub: An Online Repository for Information Retrieval Runs. In <em>Proceedings of the 46th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval</em>. ACM. <span class="url">doi:10.1145/3539618.3591823</span></p>
          <p>[5] Tom Bocklisch, Joey Faulkner, Nick Pawlowski, and Alan Nichol. 2017. Rasa: Open Source Language Understanding and Dialogue Management. <em>arXiv preprint arXiv:1712.05181</em> (2017).</p>
          <p>[6] Mikhail Burtsev, Alexander Seliverstov, Rafael Airapetyan, Mikhail Arkhipov, Dilyara Baymurzina, Nickolay Bushkov, Olga Gureenkova, Taras Khakhulin, Yuri Kuratov, Denis Kuznetsov, Alexey Litinsky, Varvara Logacheva, Alexey Lymar, Valentin Malykh, Maxim Petrov, Vadim Polulyakh, Leonid Pugachev, Alexey Sorokin, Maria Vikhreva, and Marat Zaynutdinov. 2018. DeepPavlov: Open-Source Library for Dialogue Systems. In <em>Proceedings of ACL 2018, System Demonstrations</em>. Association for Computational Linguistics, Melbourne, Australia, 122-127. <span class="url">doi:10.18653/v1/P18-4021</span></p>
          <p>[7] deepset. 2020. Haystack: The Open Source NLP Framework. <span class="url">https://haystack.deepset.ai/</span>. Accessed: 2026-01-08.</p>
          <p>[8] Guglielmo Faggioli, Marco Ferrante, Nicola Ferro, Raffaele Perego, and Nicola Tonellotto. 2021. Hierarchical Dependence-aware Evaluation Measures for Conversational Search. In <em>Proceedings of the 44th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval</em>. ACM, 1935-1939. <span class="url">doi:10.1145/3404835.3463090</span></p>
          <p>[9] Song Feng, Siva Sankalp Patel, Hui Wan, and Sachindra Joshi. 2021. MultiDoc2Dial: Modeling Dialogues Grounded in Multiple Documents. In <em>Proceedings of the 2021 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing</em>. Association for Computational Linguistics, Online and Punta Cana, Dominican Republic, 6162-6176. <span class="url">https://aclanthology.org/2021.emnlp-main.498/</span></p>
          <p>[10] Thibault Formal, Benjamin Piwowarski, and Stephane Clinchant. 2021. SPLADE: Sparse Lexical and Expansion Model for First Stage Ranking. In <em>Proceedings of the 44th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval</em>. ACM, 2288-2292. <span class="url">doi:10.1145/3404835.3463098</span></p>
          <p>[11] Maik Froebe, Jan Heinrich Reimer, Sean MacAvaney, Niklas Deckers, Simon Reich, Janek Bevendorff, Benno Stein, Matthias Hagen, and Martin Potthast. 2023. The Information Retrieval Experiment Platform. In <em>Proceedings of the 46th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval</em>. ACM. <span class="url">doi:10.1145/3539618.3591888</span></p>
          <p>[12] Maik Froebe, Matti Wiegmann, Nikolay Kolyada, Bastian Grahm, Theresa Elstner, Frank Loebe, Matthias Hagen, Benno Stein, and Martin Potthast. 2023. Continuous Integration for Reproducible Shared Tasks with TIRA.io. In <em>Advances in Information Retrieval: 45th European Conference on Information Retrieval (ECIR 2023), Part III</em>. Springer. <span class="url">doi:10.1007/978-3-031-28241-6_20</span></p>
          <p>[13] Jianfeng Gao, Chenyan Xiong, Paul Bennett, and Nick Craswell. 2023. Neural Approaches to Conversational Information Retrieval. <em>Foundations and Trends in Information Retrieval</em> 17, 1 (2023), 1-163. <span class="url">doi:10.1561/1500000074</span></p>
          <p>[14] Tim Hagen, Maik Froebe, Jan Heinrich Reimer, Harrisen Scells, Matthias Hagen, and Martin Potthast. 2025. TIREx Tracker: The Information Retrieval Experiment Tracker. In <em>Proceedings of the 48th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval</em>. ACM. <span class="url">doi:10.1145/3726302.3730297</span></p>
          <p>[15] Vladimir Karpukhin, Barlas Oguz, Sewon Min, Patrick Lewis, Ledell Wu, Sergey Edunov, Danqi Chen, and Wen-tau Yih. 2020. Dense Passage Retrieval for Open-Domain Question Answering. In <em>Proceedings of the 2020 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing (EMNLP)</em>. Association for Computational Linguistics, 6769-6781. <span class="url">doi:10.18653/v1/2020.emnlp-main.550</span></p>
          <p>[16] LangChain. 2022. LangChain: Building Applications with LLMs through Composability. <span class="url">https://www.langchain.com/</span>. Accessed: 2026-01-08.</p>
          <p>[17] LangChain. 2024. LangGraph: Build Stateful, Multi-Actor Applications with LLMs. <span class="url">https://www.langchain.com/langgraph</span>. Accessed: 2026-01-08.</p>
          <p>[18] LangChain. 2024. LangGraph Server: Deployment Infrastructure for Stateful LLM Applications. <span class="url">https://langchain-ai.github.io/langgraph/</span>. Accessed: 2026-01-23.</p>
          <p>[19] Jeong-Doo Lee, Hyeongjun Choi, Beomseok Hong, Youngsub Han, Byoung-Ki Jeon, and Seung-Hoon Na. 2024. SARCAT: Generative Span-Act Guided Response Generation Using Copy-Enhanced Target Augmentation. In <em>Findings of the Association for Computational Linguistics: EMNLP 2024</em>. Association for Computational Linguistics, 14780-14787. <span class="url">doi:10.18653/v1/2024.findings-emnlp.867</span></p>
          <p>[20] Sungjin Lee, Qi Zhu, Ryuichi Takanobu, Xiang Li, Yaoqin Zhang, Zheng Zhang, Jinchao Li, Baolin Peng, Xiujun Li, Minlie Huang, and Jianfeng Gao. 2019. ConvLab: Multi-Domain End-to-End Dialog System Platform. In <em>Proceedings of the 57th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics: System Demonstrations</em>. Association for Computational Linguistics, 64-69. <span class="url">doi:10.18653/v1/P19-3011</span></p>
          <p>[21] Jimmy Lin, Xueguang Ma, Sheng-Chieh Lin, Jheng-Hong Yang, Ronak Pradeep, and Rodrigo Nogueira. 2021. Pyserini: A Python Toolkit for Reproducible Information Retrieval Research with Sparse and Dense Representations. In <em>Proceedings of the 44th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval</em>. ACM, 2356-2362. <span class="url">doi:10.1145/3404835.3463238</span></p>
          <p>[22] LlamaIndex. 2022. LlamaIndex: Data Framework for LLM Applications. <span class="url">https://www.llamaindex.ai/</span>. Accessed: 2026-01-08.</p>
          <p>[23] Craig Macdonald and Nicola Tonellotto. 2020. Declarative Experimentation in Information Retrieval using PyTerrier. In <em>Proceedings of the 2020 ACM SIGIR International Conference on the Theory of Information Retrieval</em>. ACM, 161-168. <span class="url">doi:10.1145/3409256.3409829</span></p>
          <p>[24] Alexander Miller, Will Feng, Dhruv Batra, Antoine Bordes, Adam Fisch, Jiasen Lu, Devi Parikh, and Jason Weston. 2017. ParlAI: A Dialog Research Software Platform. In <em>Proceedings of the 2017 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing: System Demonstrations</em>. Association for Computational Linguistics, 79-84. <span class="url">doi:10.18653/v1/D17-2014</span></p>
          <p>[25] Gustavo Penha and Claudia Hauff. 2020. Challenges in the Evaluation of Conversational Search Systems. In <em>Proceedings of the KDD 2020 Workshop on Conversational Systems (Converse)</em>. CEUR-WS.org. <span class="url">https://ceur-ws.org/Vol-2666/KDD_Converse20_paper_5.pdf</span></p>
          <p>[26] Nils Reimers and Iryna Gurevych. 2019. Sentence-BERT: Sentence Embeddings using Siamese BERT-Networks. In <em>Proceedings of the 2019 Conference on Empirical Methods in Natural Language Processing and the 9th International Joint Conference</em></p>
        </section>
      </div>
    </main>
  </body>
</html>
