<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>Orcheo - Page 2</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <nav class="nav"><a href="page-001.xhtml">Previous</a><a href="page-003.xhtml">Next</a></nav>
    <main class="page">
      <div class="running"><span>SIGIR '26, July 20-24, 2026, Melbourne, VIC, Australia</span><span>Shaojie Jiang, Svitlana Vakulenko, &amp; Maarten de Rijke</span></div>
      <div class="columns">
        <p class="noindent">experimentation and a remote backend for production. To simplify engineering, it includes an encrypted Credential Vault, automated telemetry, and integrated tooling for systematic prompt engineering. This integrated stack bridges the gap between isolated prototypes and deployable applications.</p>
        <p class="noindent"><strong>(3) An extensive CS starter kit.</strong> We provide a curated library of 45+ off-the-shelf nodes covering the CS lifecycle, from query understanding to response generation, enabling rapid prototyping and benchmarking.</p>
        <p>While optimized for CS, Orcheo's domain-agnostic, graph-based architecture can also support adjacent tasks (e.g., conversational recommendation) by swapping in domain-specific nodes. Orcheo's primary value lies in its broader ecosystem: by unifying algorithms with execution environments, it moves the community beyond "code sharing" to "system sharing," ensuring experiments remain executable and extensible after publication.</p>
        <p>Section <span class="cite">2</span> reviews related work. Section <span class="cite">3</span> details Orcheo's node architecture. Section <span class="cite">4</span> describes the full-stack platform. Section <span class="cite">5</span> validates Orcheo through case studies, and Section <span class="cite">6</span> concludes.</p>
        <h2>2&#160;&#160; Related Work</h2>
        <p class="noindent">We review relevant CS research platforms and identify the gaps Orcheo addresses. Orcheo uniquely integrates modular CS pipelines, full-stack deployment, and built-in IR evaluation metrics, which are typically fragmented across existing frameworks (Table <span class="cite">1</span>).</p>
        <p><strong>IR Toolkits for Retrieval Modeling.</strong> The IR community relies on mature retrieval toolkits such as Pyserini <span class="cite">[21]</span> (Python bindings for Anserini <span class="cite">[30]</span>) and PyTerrier <span class="cite">[23]</span> (a declarative framework for composing complex IR pipelines). Pyserini is built on Apache Lucene through Anserini, while PyTerrier centers on the Terrier platform with interoperability to other backends. Both are widely used for reproducible IR research, supporting traditional sparse models (e.g., BM25) and neural retrieval pipelines.</p>
        <p>Specialized libraries have helped to advance neural IR: sentence-transformers <span class="cite">[26]</span> for dense embeddings, and OpenMatch-v2 <span class="cite">[32]</span> for training and fine-tuning neural models. Standardized evaluation and management are supported by BEIR <span class="cite">[27]</span> for zero-shot benchmarks and XpmIR <span class="cite">[35]</span> for modular neural IR experimentation.</p>
        <p>While the established toolkits listed above excel at batch evaluation and static ranking, they are not architected for the multi-turn, interactive nature of CS. They lack built-in dialogue management for tracking context across turns and the real-time deployment infrastructure required for user-facing applications. Orcheo addresses these gaps with a unified, graph-based architecture that supports stateful CS workflows and provides extensible interfaces for integrating external retrieval and embedding components.</p>
        <p>The effort required to integrate disparate tools creates a <strong>standardization gap</strong>, not just an engineering burden. When researchers use ad hoc scripts to connect components, subtle variations in context handling make it difficult to isolate the impact of specific algorithmic contributions. Orcheo bridges this gap by providing a standardized platform where modular innovations are evaluated within a consistent, reproducible system.</p>
        <p><strong>RAG Orchestration Frameworks.</strong> The rapid growth of retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) has introduced orchestration frameworks that link retrieval with generation. LangChain <span class="cite">[16]</span> is widely used for composing LLM-based pipelines, often integrating with LlamaIndex <span class="cite">[22]</span> for LLM-driven document indexing. Similarly, Haystack <span class="cite">[7]</span> offers a structured, pipeline-based approach for diverse NLP applications.</p>
        <p>While powerful, these frameworks prioritize application development over research, creating gaps that Orcheo addresses: (i) <em>Ease of use:</em> They often require manual, code-heavy configurations rather than the AI-assisted "vibe-coding" and transparency needed for rapid experimentation. (ii) <em>Evaluation infrastructure:</em> Most orchestrators focus on execution but lack built-in, standardized evaluation routines. (iii) <em>CS-specific nodes:</em> General RAG frameworks lack native components for specialized conversational tasks like contextual query rewriting that researchers frequently reuse.</p>
        <p>Orcheo builds on LangGraph <span class="cite">[17]</span>, which adds stateful, graph-based orchestration to LangChain and is essential for the iterative nature of CS. For deployment, LangGraph Server <span class="cite">[18]</span> provides a commercial infrastructure for streaming and multi-tenancy.</p>
        <p><strong>Conversational Search and Conversational AI Frameworks.</strong> Several frameworks support conversational AI and CS research. The closest CS-specific frameworks to Orcheo are Chatty Goose <span class="cite">[33]</span> and DECAF <span class="cite">[1]</span>. Chatty Goose codifies a canonical multi-stage conversational passage retrieval pipeline with modular rewriter, retriever, and reranker interfaces plus reproducible CAsT baselines, while DECAF broadens the experimentation space with a more explicitly modular architecture and both sparse and dense retrieval components. These systems are important precursors and are the most direct conceptual comparisons to Orcheo. Orcheo differs in scope by combining CS-specific modularity with a full-stack execution environment, deployment tooling, credential management, and workflow-level evaluation nodes in a single platform.</p>
        <p>ConvLab <span class="cite">[20]</span> and ConvLab-2 <span class="cite">[34]</span> offer modular toolkits for task-oriented dialogue, but focus on slot filling rather than open-domain search. ParlAI <span class="cite">[24]</span> provides a unified platform for dialogue datasets and agents, though its emphasis is on language models rather than IR. More general-purpose platforms like Rasa <span class="cite">[5]</span> and DeepPavlov <span class="cite">[6]</span> provide production-ready NLU and dialogue management for building conversational assistants, yet they are designed around intent classification and skill-based architectures rather than retrieval pipelines.</p>
        <p>These frameworks support dialogue research but lack explicit support for the full CS lifecycle, from query processing and retrieval through re-ranking and grounded response generation. Orcheo fills this void by providing a unified environment for designing modular, shareable workflows as dialogue-aware graphs.</p>
        <p><strong>IR Reproducibility Platforms.</strong> The IR community has standardized evaluation through platforms like TIREx <span class="cite">[11]</span> and its infrastructure layer, TIRA.io <span class="cite">[12]</span>, which enable large-scale evaluation via containerized submissions. These are bolstered by TIREx Tracker <span class="cite">[14]</span> for automatic metadata capture and ranxhub <span class="cite">[4]</span> for sharing and comparing run files. These platforms excel at archiving results, but they do not address the complexities of designing and packaging reproducible CS workflows. Orcheo complements them by serving as the environment that produces the research artifacts these platforms are intended to evaluate.</p>
      </div>
    </main>
  </body>
</html>
