<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <title>Orcheo - Page 8</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="style.css" />
  </head>
  <body>
    <nav class="nav"><a href="page-007.xhtml">Previous</a><a href="index.xhtml">Index</a></nav>
    <main class="page">
      <div class="running"><span>SIGIR '26, July 20-24, 2026, Melbourne, VIC, Australia</span><span>Shaojie Jiang, Svitlana Vakulenko, &amp; Maarten de Rijke</span></div>
      <div class="columns refs">
        <p class="noindent"><em>on Natural Language Processing (EMNLP-IJCNLP)</em>. Association for Computational Linguistics, 3982-3992. <span class="url">doi:10.18653/v1/D19-1410</span></p>
        <p>[27] Nandan Thakur, Nils Reimers, Andreas Rueckle, Abhishek Srivastava, and Iryna Gurevych. 2021. BEIR: A Heterogeneous Benchmark for Zero-shot Evaluation of Information Retrieval Models. In <em>Proceedings of the Neural Information Processing Systems Track on Datasets and Benchmarks</em>.</p>
        <p>[28] Svitlana Vakulenko, Evangelos Kanoulas, and Maarten de Rijke. 2021. A Large-Scale Analysis of Mixed Initiative in Information-Seeking Dialogues for Conversational Search. <em>ACM Transactions on Information Systems</em> 39, 4 (2021), 1-32. <span class="url">doi:10.1145/3466796</span></p>
        <p>[29] Svitlana Vakulenko, Kate Revoredo, Claudio Di Ciccio, and Maarten de Rijke. 2019. QRFA: A Data-Driven Model of Information-Seeking Dialogues. In <em>Advances in Information Retrieval: 41st European Conference on IR Research (ECIR 2019)</em>. Springer, 541-557. <span class="url">doi:10.1007/978-3-030-15712-8_35</span></p>
        <p>[30] Peilin Yang, Hui Fang, and Jimmy Lin. 2017. Anserini: Enabling the Use of Lucene for Information Retrieval Research. In <em>Proceedings of the 40th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval</em>. ACM, 1253-1256. <span class="url">doi:10.1145/3077136.3080721</span></p>
        <p>[31] Shi Yu, Jiahua Liu, Jingqin Yang, Chenyan Xiong, Paul Bennett, Jianfeng Gao, and Zhiyuan Liu. 2020. Few-Shot Generative Conversational Query Rewriting. In <em>Proceedings of the 43rd International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval</em>. ACM, 1933-1936. <span class="url">doi:10.1145/3397271.3401323</span></p>
        <p>[32] Shi Yu, Zhenghao Liu, Chenyan Xiong, et al. 2023. OpenMatch-v2: An All-in-one Multi-Modality PLM-based Information Retrieval Toolkit. In <em>Proceedings of the 46th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval</em>. ACM. <span class="url">doi:10.1145/3539618.3591813</span></p>
        <p>[33] Edwin Zhang, Sheng-Chieh Lin, Jheng-Hong Yang, Ronak Pradeep, Rodrigo Nogueira, and Jimmy Lin. 2021. Chatty Goose: A Python Framework for Conversational Search. In <em>Proceedings of the 44th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval</em>. ACM, 2521-2525. <span class="url">doi:10.1145/3404835.3462782</span></p>
        <p>[34] Qi Zhu, Zheng Zhang, Yan Fang, Xiang Li, Ryuichi Takanobu, Jinchao Li, Baolin Peng, Jianfeng Gao, Xiaoyan Zhu, and Minlie Huang. 2020. ConvLab-2: An Open-Source Toolkit for Building, Evaluating, and Diagnosing Dialogue Systems. In <em>Proceedings of the 58th Annual Meeting of the Association for Computational Linguistics: System Demonstrations</em>. Association for Computational Linguistics, 142-149. <span class="url">doi:10.18653/v1/2020.acl-demos.19</span></p>
        <p>[35] Yuxuan Zong and Benjamin Piwowarski. 2023. XpmIR: A Modular Library for Learning to Rank and Neural IR Experiments. In <em>Proceedings of the 46th International ACM SIGIR Conference on Research and Development in Information Retrieval</em>. ACM. <span class="url">doi:10.1145/3539618.3591818</span></p>
      </div>
    </main>
  </body>
</html>
